---
title: CBP officers arrest an Arizona woman for illegally possessing a firearm
url: https://www.cbp.gov/newsroom/local-media-release/cbp-officers-arrest-arizona-woman-illegally-possessing-firearm
date: '2026-05-22'
author: michael.niezgoda
feed_url: https://cbp.gov/rss.xml
---
CBP officers arrest an Arizona woman for illegally possessing a firearm michael.niezgoda Fri, 05/22/2026 - 08:20 CHAMPLAIN, N.Y. – U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers at the Champlain port of entry arrested an Arizona woman and seized one firearm from her vehicle at the border crossing. On May 20, CBP officers encountered the 62-year-old female U.S. citizen when she was driving towards Canada. Upon outbound inspection, the woman declared one firearm to CBP officers and attempted to retrieve the weapon. Before she could retrieve the weapon, CBP officers restrained the woman and detained her to further investigate. Further investigation revealed that the woman illegally possessed the firearm. Firearm seized at the Port of Champlain, New York after the U.S. citizen was arrested for illegal possession. "The safety and security of our ports and communities is a top priority,” said Area Port Director Steven Bronson. “Our CBP officers continue to demonstrate their unwavering commitment to enforcing the law and preventing the export of illegally possessed weapons." After CBP processing, the woman and the .22-caliber Taurus firearm were turned over to the New York State Police to felony charges for criminal possession of a weapon. Follow us on X @CBPBuffalo and @DFOBuffalo U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) is America's frontline: the nation's largest law enforcement organization and the world's first unified border management agency. The 69,000+ men and women of CBP protect America on the ground, in the air, and on the seas. We enforce safe, lawful travel and trade and ensure our country's economic prosperity. We enhance the nation's security through innovation, intelligence, collaboration, and trust. Topics Arrests Release Date Fri, 05/22/2026
