---
title: U.S. Border Patrol honors fallen heroes
url: https://www.cbp.gov/newsroom/local-media-release/us-border-patrol-honors-fallen-heroes-0
date: '2026-05-21'
author: landon.r.hutchens
feed_url: https://cbp.gov/rss.xml
---
U.S. Border Patrol honors fallen heroes landon.r.hutchens Thu, 05/21/2026 - 19:10 For More Information Contact: Landon Hutchens (202) 407-4241; landon.r.hutchens@cbp.dhs.gov EL PASO, Texas – U.S. Border Patrol El Paso Sector along with other law enforcement agencies honored the men and women of the U.S. Border Patrol who lost their lives while protecting the nation in a special memorial ceremony held today at the Socorro Independent School District Student Activities Complex. U.S. Border Patrol El Paso Sector Chief Patrol Agent Jesse D. Munoz, U.S. Customs and Border Protection Commissioner Rodney Scott and other high-ranking officials were on hand to pay tribute and offer words of comfort to the family members of the fallen agents. “Today’s memorial stands as a solemn tribute, honoring the unwavering dedication and ultimate sacrifice of our fallen Border Patrol Agents,” said Chief Munoz. “The memories of our agents are forever imprinted in our hearts and are a constant reminder of their heroic service in safeguarding our nation’s borders.” Since its inception on May 28, 1924, the U.S. Border Patrol has seen the passing of 161 agents in the line of duty. During the ceremony, all 161 names were read aloud followed by the somber ringing of a bell and a 21-gun salute. An Honor Free Fall by the U.S. Border Patrol Special Operations Group and U.S. Customs and Border Protection Air and Marine Operations, El Paso Air Branch, was performed. The aerial tribute was followed by the clicking hooves of a rider less horse saluted by all uniformed personnel. The ceremony concluded with the retirement of the colors by the El Paso Sector’s Border Patrol Honor Guard. The El Paso Sector memorial ceremony for fallen agents is an annual event held on or near the anniversary of the founding of the U.S. Border Patrol. The first U.S. Border Patrol Station was established in El Paso. U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) is America's frontline: the nation's largest law enforcement organization and the world's first unified border management agency. The 69,000+ men and women of CBP protect America on the ground, in the air, and on the seas. We enforce safe, lawful travel and trade and ensure our country's economic prosperity. We enhance the nation's security through innovation, intelligence, collaboration, and trust. Topics U.S. Border Patrol Release Date Thu, 05/21/2026 El Paso, Texas
