---
title: CBP officers seize handguns, magazines, and ammunition at Calexico West port
url: https://www.cbp.gov/newsroom/local-media-release/cbp-officers-seize-handguns-magazines-and-ammunition-calexico-west
date: '2026-05-22'
author: richard.j.pauza
feed_url: https://cbp.gov/rss.xml
---
CBP officers seize handguns, magazines, and ammunition at Calexico West port richard.j.pauza Fri, 05/22/2026 - 16:43 CALEXICO, Calif. — U.S. Customs and Border Protection officers at the Calexico West Port of Entry recently seized handguns, magazines and ammunition concealed throughout a vehicle. The incident occurred on May 9 at the Calexico West port during an outbound vehicle inspection operation. Officers referred a 35-year-old female U.S. citizen driving a 2014 Honda Accord southbound to Mexico for a secondary inspection. In the secondary inspection area, a nonintrusive inspection system and a CBP canine team alerted officers to an anomaly in the vehicle's rear bumper. During a physical inspection, officers extracted 18 packages from the rear bumper and six drum magazines from the rear driver-side door. Upon opening the packages, officers discovered six handguns, 12 magazines, and 1,895 rounds of ammunition. An array of handguns and magazines seized by CBP officers at Calexico West port of entry. “Thanks to their vigilance and dedication, our officers discovered and seized multiple handguns, magazines and ammunition concealed for illegal transport into Mexico before they could reach criminal organizations,” said Calexico Port Director Roque Caza. “Their commitment to border security is vital in disrupting the unlawful flow of weapons and protecting communities on both sides of the border.” CBP seized the firearms, magazines, ammunition, and the vehicle. Officers arrested the driver, who faces federal prosecution. Under the leadership of President Donald J. Trump and Department of Homeland Security Secretary Markwayne Mullin, CBP officers along the southwest border stop illegal activity, including the smuggling of drugs and humans, and facilitate lawful entry for millions of legitimate travelers into the United States. Follow the Director of CBP’s San Diego Field Office on X and Instagram at @DFOSanDiegoCA for breaking news, current events. U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) is America's frontline: the nation's largest law enforcement organization and the world's first unified border management agency. The 69,000+ men and women of CBP protect America on the ground, in the air, and on the seas. We enforce safe, lawful travel and trade and ensure our country's economic prosperity. We enhance the nation's security through innovation, intelligence, collaboration, and trust. Release Date Fri, 05/22/2026
