---
title: Modification of List of Designated Airports Regarding Arrival Restrictions
url: https://www.cbp.gov/newsroom/announcements/modification-list-designated-airports-regarding-arrival-restrictions
date: '2026-05-22'
author: ariana.l.jackson
feed_url: https://cbp.gov/rss.xml
---
Modification of List of Designated Airports Regarding Arrival Restrictions ariana.l.jackson Fri, 05/22/2026 - 08:59 Aviation Industry Partners Modification of List of Designated Airports Regarding Arrival Restrictions Published May 21, 2026 As a proactive measure to protect the safety of the American public in response to the ongoing Ebola disease outbreak, the Secretary of Homeland Security, pursuant to 6 U.S.C. 112(a), 19 U.S.C. 1433(c), and 19 CFR 122.32, directed all flights to the United States carrying persons who have recently traveled from, or were otherwise present within, the Democratic Republic of the Congo (DRC), Uganda, or South Sudan to arrive at Washington-Dulles International Airport (IAD), where the Centers for Disease Control and Prevention is focusing public health resources to implement enhanced public health measures. See 91 FR 29896 (published May 21, 2026). The arrival restrictions apply to flights departing after 11:59 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time on Wednesday, May 20, 2026. This direction considers a person to have recently traveled from the DRC, Uganda, or South Sudan if that person departed from, or was otherwise present within, the DRC, Uganda, or South Sudan within 21 days of the date of the person’s entry or attempted entry into the United States. Also, crew and flights carrying only cargo (i.e., no passengers or non-crew), are excluded from the applicable measures set forth in this direction. Pursuant to the authorities cited above, the Department of Homeland Security, through U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) and in consultation with the U.S. Department of Health and Human Services and U.S. Department of Transportation, has modified the list of designated airports by adding the following airports in addition to IAD: Effective for flights departing after 11:59 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time on Friday, May 22, 2026: Hartsfield-Jackson Atlanta International Airport (ATL), Atlanta Effective for flights departing after 11:59 p.m. Eastern Daylight Time on Tuesday, May 26, 2026: George Bush Intercontinental Airport (IAH), Houston Read more of C1's Memo to Aviation Industry Partners - May 2026 U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) is America's frontline: the nation's largest law enforcement organization and the world's first unified border management agency. The 69,000+ men and women of CBP protect America on the ground, in the air, and on the seas. We enforce safe, lawful travel and trade and ensure our country's economic prosperity. We enhance the nation's security through innovation, intelligence, collaboration, and trust. Topics Border Security Commissioner Rodney Scott General Aviation Travel Release Date Fri, 05/22/2026
