---
title: 'EAPA Case 8183: Greenbrier Companies, Inc. (Notice of Determination as to
  Evasion, May 18, 2026)'
url: https://www.cbp.gov/document/publications/eapa-case-8183-greenbrier-companies-inc-notice-determination-evasion-may-18
date: '2026-05-22'
author: tizita.a.mekonnen
feed_url: https://cbp.gov/rss.xml
---
EAPA Case 8183: Greenbrier Companies, Inc. (Notice of Determination as to Evasion, May 18, 2026) tizita.a.mekonnen Fri, 05/22/2026 - 10:45 CBP Publication Number 5046-0525 Publications Notice of Determination as to Evasion in EAPA Case 8183 – Freight Rail Couplers WASHINGTON— On May 18, 2026, U.S. Customs and Border Protection (CBP) issued the notice of determination as to evasion for EAPA case 8183 filed by Coalition of Freight Coupler Producers against The Greenbrier Companies for evasion of antidumping duty order A-201-857 on certain freight rail couplers and parts thereof (FRCs) from Mexico and the antidumping duty order and countervailing duty orders A-570-145 and C-570-146 on FRCs from the People’s Republic of China (collectively, FRC Orders). Substantial evidence demonstrates that The Greenbrier Companies entered both Mexican-origin and Chinese-origin FRCs and failed to declare entry for the merchandise even though the merchandise was subject to the AD/CVD orders. As a result, no formal entries were filed, and no cash deposits were applied to the subject merchandise at the time of entry as instructed by the Department of Commerce. As such, CBP has issued a formal notice of determination as to evasion and has taken enforcement actions. In light of CBP’s findings: CBP will suspend or continue to suspend the entries covered by this investigation, until instructed to liquidate. For those entries previously extended in accordance with Interim Measures, CBP will rate adjust and change those entries to type 03 and continue suspension until instructed to liquidate these entries. CBP will continue to evaluate continuous bonds in accordance with CBP’s policies. CBP will require formal entries for FRCs subject to the FRC Orders, requiring the importer to file entry on the FRCs attached to the railcars and submit proper entry documentation and all duties. CBP will require The Greenbrier Companies to rectify any non-compliance with provisions of admission covering FRCs that entered the United States during the period of investigation. For additional information on CBP and EAPA, please visit the EAPA homepage . If you suspect an importer of duty evasion, CBP encourages you to submit an allegation through our online portal . Follow CBP Office of Trade on X @CBPTradeGov and on LinkedIn CBP Office of Trade . Attachment Ext. Size Date EAPA Case 8183: Greenbrier Companies, Inc. (Notice of Determination as to Evasion, May 18, 2026) PDF 737.97 KB 05/22/2026 Topics Trade Trade Decisions
